.TH "BQtPipelineBrowser" 3 "21 Apr 2009" "Version 0.1" "BrainCognize" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
BQtPipelineBrowser \- Represents the browser showing the loaded data sets and applied filter/methods/algorithms/plugins.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <BQtPipelineBrowser.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBQDockWidget\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBQtPipelineBrowser\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~BQtPipelineBrowser\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QSize \fBsizeHint\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIreturns the recommended size for the widget to allow parent widgets to give it a proper initial layout \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "QSize \fBm_recommendedSize\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIholds the recommended size for the widget \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Represents the browser showing the loaded data sets and applied filter/methods/algorithms/plugins. 
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file BQtPipelineBrowser.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "BQtPipelineBrowser::BQtPipelineBrowser ()"
.PP
Definition at line 9 of file BQtPipelineBrowser.cpp.
.PP
References m_recommendedSize.
.SS "BQtPipelineBrowser::~BQtPipelineBrowser ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 18 of file BQtPipelineBrowser.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QSize BQtPipelineBrowser::sizeHint () const"
.PP
returns the recommended size for the widget to allow parent widgets to give it a proper initial layout 
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file BQtPipelineBrowser.cpp.
.PP
References m_recommendedSize.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QSize \fBBQtPipelineBrowser::m_recommendedSize\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
holds the recommended size for the widget 
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file BQtPipelineBrowser.h.
.PP
Referenced by BQtPipelineBrowser(), and sizeHint().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for BrainCognize from the source code.
